# PRISM
This repository contains the source codes for PRISM and experimental data to support the claims in the paper "PRISM: A Semantic-Based Approach for Accurately Identifying Overfitted Patches in Automatic Program Repair".

## Benchmarks
The directory [benchmarks](./benchmarks) contains all benchmarks used in our evaluation.
* [patches_tbar](./benchmarks/patches_tbar): 329 patches generated by TBar.
* [patches_tbar](./benchmarks/patches_ar): 409 patches generated by AlphaRepair.
* [patches](./benchmarks/patches_tbar): 981 patches generated by 21 APR and developers.

## Features
The defectory [features](./features) contains all benchmarks represented by feature
* [PRISM](./features/PRISM): all benchmarks represented by PRISM's semantic feature
* [ODS](./features/ODS): all benchmarks represented by ODS's syntactic feature
  
## Data for reproducing the results in the paper.
The directory [results](./results) contains all patch classification results of each experiment.
* [RQ1](./results/rq1): impact on end-to-end performaance of two APRs: [TBar](./results/rq1/tbar) and [AlphaRepair](./results/rq1/ar).
* [RQ2](./results/rq2): patch classification results with 981 patches: [Table 4](./results/rq2/basic) and [Figure 3](./results/rq2/trade-off).
* [RQ3](./results/rq3): ablation study with four settings: [PRISM(Syn)](./results/rq3/ours_syn.csv), [PRISM(Sem)](./results/rq3/ours_sem.csv), [RF(Sem)](./results/rq3/rf_sem.csv), and [RF+(Sem)](./results/rq3/rf+_sem.csv)

## Source code
We currently provide only the source codes of our tool as a Anonymous GitHub repository: [link](https://anonymous.4open.science/r/PRISM_analyzer-923D/)
We will prepare the complete artifact including instructions for installition, scripts for reprocuding the results, etc., as soon as possible.
